"--- Tech ---"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCXuqSBlHAE6Xw-yeJA0Tunw    "yt" # Linus Tech Tips
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeeFfhMcJa1kjtfZAGskOCA    "yt" # TechLinked
https://feeds.feedburner.com/unknowNews                                              # unknowNews
https://www.debian.org/News/news                                                     # Debian Latest News
https://www.debian.org/security/dsa                                                  # Debian Security

"--- Philo & opinions  ---"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9ff15w4ufviWfv9UfIuByA    "yt" # Wes Cecil
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEtxsMx4qsoitFwjBdLU_gA    "yt" # Gregory B. Sadler
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjnpuIGovFFUBLG5BeHzTag    "yt" # Philosophize This!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_1U2qs9zaBrO4_zvvFf2BQ    "yt" # WEI
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVLcfvnLi7hnEH1N2ZdQTOw    "yt" # Łukasz Warzecha
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnUrMqV57fp3uPddvmDpTaA    "yt" # Szymon mowi
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7RswyY8VfbSdikz_8wdp3w    "yt" # Wojna Idei
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj5Ug7sV0Id9g-NEfFa1psg    "yt" # Tomasz Samołyk
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdmYmU3TBVXTSkxaHl0OdNQ    "yt" # Monika Jaruzelska zaprasza
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA    "yt" # Luke Smith
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSJPFQdZwrOutnmSFYtbstA    "yt" # The Critical Drinker

"--- Religion ---"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCLlzlc4XSItHVTcMnrIlv1w    "yt" # Dominikanie.pl
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0XLV1BCXMgHSGki7tZUg5A    "yt" # Dominikanie Freta
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCme4ZOv65uzGADXuvtHkSvA    "yt" # Langusta na Palmie

"--- Fitness ---"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbhFdGL8SlXuxRhHYSf5OrQ    "yt" # Michał Boczkowski

"--- Other  ---"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9_p50tH3WmMslWRWKnM7dQ    "yt" # Adam Ragusea
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDCSeaWgTrFMhoAydNTEnqA    "yt" # Jedź bezpiecznie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWTA5Yd0rAkQt5-9etIFoBA    "yt" # SciFun
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_7PqixGIdE-jjoHKMPYpGA    "yt" # Uwaga! Naukowy Bełkot
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCc5bFcCctxUW5jJ8--TR-Tw    "yt" # A chodźże na pole!
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYjD9Ok6Z7bw-jvREiGu0gQ    "yt" # Zieloni w podróży
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2uzgA_yIOC5OhBWDgChEBA    "yt" # bikeshow.cc
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgbnwxGAINTV2CCK1WWtiAQ    "yt" # Dobrerowery.pl
